
 New York Yankees slugger Aaron Judge is ejected by home plate umpire Ryan Blakney during a baseball game against 
 the Detroit Tigers on Saturday in New York. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer)Aaron Judge is in his ninth major league season 
 with the New York Yankees. But the 2022 American League MVP can still experience some firsts on the field.Judge 
 earned a new career achievement on Saturday afternoon when he was ejected from a game for the first time. 
 The ejection occurred in the seventh inning after Judge argued a called third strike by home plate umpire Ryan 
 Blakney.With a 3-2 count, Judge took a fastball from Detroit Tigers pitcher Tyler Holton that he thought was outside 
 of the strike zone. The Yankees slugger turned to show his disagreement with the call and then walked away. 
 As Judge walked back to the dugout, Blakney ejected him.Aaron Judge EJECTED for the first time in his career 
 😲(via @PitchingNinja) pic.twitter.com/kLROZCDXk4— Yahoo Sports (@YahooSports) May 4, 2024The strike zone graphic on YES Network and MLB Gameday showed 
 that the pitch was on the very edge of home plate, but outside of the zone. On a pitch 
 that close, it could be argued that Judge should have swung. Obviously, Blakney thought so.Judge left the game after 
 batting 2-for-4 with an RBI. The Yankees eventually won the game, 5–3.Not only was Judge ejected for the first 
 time in his career, but he became the first Yankees captain to be tossed from a game since Don 
 Mattingly in 1994, according to YES Network graphics coordinator Seth Rothman. Derek Jeter, for instance, was never ejected in 
 his 12 seasons as captain.Aaron Judge on his first career ejection pic.twitter.com/opHQNw8t7q— YES Network (@YESNetwork) May 4, 2024Judge, who 
 raised his season average to .209 on Saturday, was surprised by the ejection, as were his teammates and Yankees 
 manager Aaron Boone."I walked away saying my piece. I’ve said a lot worse," Judge said after the game, via 
 SNY's Phillip Martinez. "I try not to make a scene in situations like that. So, a little surprised walking 
 away that that happened. I got a lot of respect for Ryan, their job’s tough."(To be fair to Blakney, Rothman showed on X that he consistently called pitches just outside the zone as strikes throughout Saturday's game.)