
 No NHL, NBA or MLB team has ever blown 3-1 playoff leads in back-to-back seasons.The Boston Bruins will try 
 Saturday (8 p.m. ET, ABC) to avoid that misfortune. The Bruins have lost Game 5 and 6 to the 
 Toronto Maple Leafs and will host them in Game 7 at TD Garden.Last year, the Bruins' record-setting season ended 
 in the first round when they blew a 3-1 series lead against the Florida Panthers.The Maple Leafs have their 
 own Game 7 issues, losing five in a row, three of them against the Bruins (2013, 2018, 2019). Boston 
 has lost its last three Game 7s, two of those at home.Who will win Game 7? USA TODAY Sports 
 weighs in:The Boston Bruins are counting on another solid performance from goalie Jeremy Swayman in Game 7.Mike BrehmBruins 2, 
 Maple Leafs 1: My original pick was Boston in seven, so I'll stick with that. I will admit that 
 Boston's play in the last two games gives me pause but they can't be held to two or fewer 
 shots in the first period for three games in a row, can they? Bruins goalie Jeremy Swayman is 0-2 
 in Game 7s, but his loss last year was because that was his first start in the 2023 playoffs. 
 He has played in every game except Game 2 and has played well. The Bruins will have to find 
 a way to beat Joseph Woll, easier said than done. If they can match Toronto's intensity from the past 
 two games, they'll head to the second round.Jace EvansMaple Leafs 3, Bruins 2. Perhaps I am Charlie Brown and 
 believing in the Maple Leafs is my football, but I am ready to be hurt again. The Bruins’ play 
 in Games 5 and 6 left a lot to be desired and they’ve largely been unable to solve Joseph 
 Woll, who has looked like prime Dominik Hasek ever since he was inserted in net in Game 4. Of 
 course, the Leafs haven’t exactly been lighting it up, either – they’ve yet to score more than two goals 
 in a game against Jeremy Swayman. The pressure is all on the Bruins for a change, though, given last 
 year’s historic campaign ended in the first round after blowing a 3-1 series lead. I think the Leafs find 
 a way to get that elusive third goal – perhaps even on the power play! – and leave Boston 
 with a victory.How can I watch Game 7 of Bruins vs. Maple Leafs?Game 7 of the Bruins-Maple Leafs series 
 will be shown at 8 p.m. ET on ABCHow can I stream Game 7 of Bruins vs. Maple Leafs?Game 
 7 of the Bruins-Maple Leafs series can be streamed on ESPN+ and Fubo.We occasionally recommend interesting products and services. 
 If you make a purchase by clicking one of the links, we may earn an affiliate fee. USA TODAY 
 Network newsrooms operate independently, and this doesn’t influence our coverage.This article originally appeared on USA TODAY: Bruins vs Maple Leafs Game 7 picks: Who moves on in NHL playoffs?